updated biochar logic as CDR technology (#258)
PyPSA/technology-data: docs/release_notes.rst

..   The features listed below are not released yet, but will be part of the next release! 
..   To use the features already you have to use the ``master`` branch.

> * Updated Biochar pyrolysis: units updated with rebase on CO2 sequestered, biomass properties aligned with other biomass technolgies, 0.7 coefficient applied to calculate final CO2 sequestration beyond 100 years. (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/258)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Breaking changes**

* Biochar pyrolysis: Reference units changed from MWh_biochar output to t_CO2 sequestered and, biomass properties have been aligned with other biomass technolgies. (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/258) 

**Changes**
```
